### Safari and Webkit

#### New Features

- Support for Web Extensions is now available. Existing Chrome and Firefox extensions can be converted for Safari using `xcrun safari-web-extension-converter` and distributed through the App Store for use in Safari 14. (55707949)
- Webpage Translation is now available in the U.S. and Canada. Supported languages include English, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, French, German, Russian, and Brazilian Portuguese. Safari will automatically detect if translation is available based on your Preferred Languages list. (64437861)

#### Known Issues

- Safari might quit unexpectedly when opening the Start Page if Frequently Visited Sites are visible as thumbnails. (63945984)

  **Workaround:** Make the window wider, hide the sidebar, or Control-click on Frequently Visited Sites and choose View as Icons.



#### Known Issues

- Xcode versions prior to Xcode 11.5 crash on launch on macOS 11. (59991056)

  **Workaround**: Run the following command in the Terminal app to avoid crashes when starting Xcode:

  ```
  defaults write com.apple.dt.Xcode DVTDisableMainThreadChecker 1
  ```

  Then deactivate Main Thread Checker in Xcode: Edit Scheme -> Run/Test -> Diagnostics -> Uncheck Main Thread Checker.

- Running a developer command-line tool without the command-line tools installed or invoking `xcode-select --install` directly may not trigger installation of the command-line tools. (63881429)

  **Workaround**: Download and install the Command Line Tools from the [Apple Developer](https://developer.apple.com/) web site.